project implementation:
In the agriculture field, various sensors like temperature
sensor, moisture sensor, Ultrasonic sensors will be deployed to monitor different parameters that will help in good growth of the crops. 
The information recieved from these
sensors are collected and analyzed by the Microcontroller for further processing. The parameters are projected within the web
page and therefore the farmers can get the detailed description of the outcome values.

social relevance
The project aims at making agriculture smart using automation and IOT technologies.
The system will contain many modules at various geographical position and each one of these
modules will send the information to the present platform, which will give some idea to specialise in
the environmental factor, with the help of these values we can make necessary changes for good crop growth and yield.
The foremost function of the project is to watch the crop growth
using digital means. This can provide the accurate values of assorted parameters upon which the
expansion depends. Besides this, it'll help the farmer to observe quite one/many agricultural land at
the identical time remotely and operate the senors using a digital device. 
Since most of the monitoring is completed remotely, it will help the farmer to gain
information which is crucial for the business during his/her spare time.

outcome of project
The highlighting features of this paper include smart irrigation that is 
Farmers can visualize production levels, soil moisture, sunlight intensity and more in real time and remotely to accelerate decision making process.
. Secondly temperature maintenance, humidity
maintenance and other environmental parameters and finally the recommendation
to farmers for smart agriculture. The outcome of this project will surely help the 
farmers to determine what crops to be grown next and since it's all automated, the
farmers need not waste a lot of time monitoring the fields frequently.
